Update unlock requirement for dedication medals (#8735)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Medals/en.md

## Dedication

> **Dedication medals** are medals awarded upon reaching certain playcount milestones in the osu! gamemode, or by reaching total hit count milestones in osu!taiko, osu!catch, and osu!mania.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Dedication medals** are medals awarded upon reaching certain play count milestones in the osu! game mode, or by reaching total hit count milestones in osu!taiko, osu!catch, and osu!mania.
```
